optimize: add rolling horizon function (#668)
PyPSA/PyPSA: doc/release_notes.rst

  now allows the passing of a list of buses for which aggregation of __all__ carriers is desired. Generation from
  a carrier at a bus is aggregated now if: It is __either__ in the passed list of aggregated carriers, __or__ in the
  list of aggregated buses.

> * The ``n.optimize`` accessor now provides a function ``optimize_with_rolling_horizon`` which splits whole optimization of the whole time-span into multiple subproblems which are solved consecutively. This is useful for operational optimizations with a high spatial resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``n.optimize`` accessor now provides functionality for rolling horizon optimisation using ``n.optimize.optimize_with_rolling_horizon()`` which splits whole optimization of the whole time span into multiple subproblems which are solved consecutively. This is useful for operational optimizations with a high spatial resolution.
```
